doc(xo): deduplicate content across multiple pages (#8851)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: docs/docs/users.md

## ACLs

### Definition
ACLs are permissions that apply to preexisting objects, like users and groups. 

### Who can manage ACLs?

> Only a super admin (XO administrator) can create objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only a super admin (XO administrator) can manage ACLs.
```
